{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7900\viewh11600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MONTREAL HOUSING PROJECT\
*Alpha*\
\
Authors: Megan Wylie, Phil Dufresne, Noe Harrison Schulz\
Date: July 21, 2019\
\
Introduction:\
This repository contains the files that back a website for the Montreal Housing Project, a project to make housing data and information available to the public in an easy-to-understand and searchable website format. \
\
Currently, information on housing is dispersed across multiple Montreal and Canadian websites, and often only comes in one format, csv, which limits peoples ability to search and access the information, especially if they have limited access to computers. Additionally, neighborhood information, to our knowledge, has never been combined with address searching and address specific information. This limits someones ability to get a quick and easy profile of a rental unit they live in or want to rent. \
\
This project is important in the context of Montreal, as, after over 30 years of housing surplus and affordable rents across the city for average families, the province of Quebec, and especially the City of Montreal, are experiencing housing speculation, displacement, and difficulty finding affordable housing units. This is exacerbated by the the largest city, Toronto, adding a foreign buys tax to speculative housing in their city, along with Vancouver. Montreal, Canada\'92s second largest city, is seeing some of that capital move towards neighborhoods such as St.Henri, Griffentown, Verdun, Pointe St. Charles, the Mile End, and Park-X. \
\
This repository, and its associated website, are intended for community groups, tenant organizers, and the public, to empower people to better understand the history of rental units and associated characteristics of where they live.\
\
Design:\
People who access this website will be able to search their address to find data associated with their location; sometimes specifically their address, but also their neighborhoods. \
\
Data:\
All data in this project is publicly available and accessible through alternative websites and domains. One of the key data providers is Portail donnees ouvertes Montreal, Montreal\'92s open data portal. \
\
*Insert clause about data accuracy**\
\
This project is in it\'92s early stages.\
\
Contact: mgnwylie3@gmail.com (temporary contact).\
\
 \
\
\
}